refactor(api): nvim_win_xx_ns are EXPERIMENTAL (#28432)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

• |'smoothscroll'| option to scroll by screen line rather than by text line
  when |'wrap'| is set.

• API enhancements
  • |nvim_buf_set_extmark()| supports inline virtual text.
  • |nvim_win_text_height()| computes the number of screen lines occupied
    by a range of text in a given window.
  • New RPC client type `msgpack-rpc` is added for |nvim_set_client_info()| to
    support fully MessagePack-RPC compliant clients.
  • Floating windows can now be hidden by setting `hide` in |nvim_open_win()| or
    |nvim_win_set_config()|.
  • |nvim_input_mouse()| supports mouse buttons "x1" and "x2".

>   • Added |nvim_tabpage_set_win()| to set the current window of a tabpage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  • |nvim_tabpage_set_win()| sets the current window of a tabpage.
```
